# c4-audit-canto-nov13

These are findings for canto nov13 c4 audit. Impact is unimpressive due to the role played by the calculations but it is a good example of catastrophic inaccuracy due to truncation error on poorly implemented rational number arithmetic in solidity. The end result is code that barely even approximates the calculations it appears to have been written(with significant gas expenditure) to calculate. If this were some-sort of function that controlled appropriation of funds between parties in the contract, who had consented to some value indicated by documentation or interface, it would be critical and potentially mean exposure to criminal liability. In other situations it could result in protocol insolvency, and be potentially difficult to detect in many cases, even in code bases making use of invariant tests.  

Due to other inaccurate and inefficient methodologies present in the code, while considering the overall design goals behind the calculations, mitigation would be best accomplished by a fundamental change of the target being calculated in a manner that meets the design goals without requiring the calculation of the logarithm. The mitigation suggestions in this document reflect the case where the design goals are not explicitly stated, thus the expectation defaults to taking the code at face value, and operating under the assumption that there are explicit requirements for the function as written. 

Given that design requirements were not perceived as endangered by highly inaccurate calculations, it is clear now that there is precise requirement met by the use of the logarithm, and associated gas expenditure. 
